The homepage is a sign up form where you enter your contacts.

![The homepage shows email, phone, address, and phone fields for You,
Primary, and continuing](./screenshots/00.0-make-card.png)

In order to escrow keys, there needs to be some sense of consistent identity
referring to cards. So fuzzy search is performed on entered details and contacts
are linked together.

![A card with partially filled in information suggests that it is an existing
user](./screenshots/01.0-search-cards.png)

After entering contacts and pressing submit, a printable card with QR code and
limited details is displayed with a print link.

![A wallet-sized card with a QR code and details on the back is rendered on the
screen with printing instructions](./screenshots/02.0-print-card.png)

For a viral factor of 4:1, each email included on the card is sent an
invitation, if they don't already have a card.

![An email says that you have been included on someone's ICE Card and suggests
that you should sign up](./screenshots/01.5-email.png)

Scanning the QR code or entering the URL brings you to a full page. Access is
recorded. In the future, the card will be restricted after the first visit.

![A page with all contact details in large
font](./screenshots/03.0-view-card.png)

You can secure your card to enter more private data, such as extended PACE
(Physician, Attorney, CPA, Estate, Escrow = other contacts).

![A page prompts you to enter your password and explains the
benefits](./screenshots/04.0-secure-card.png)

In order to be able to recover your key, release information posthumously, or
any other vesting of control, you can escrow your key to your contacts. When
enough contacts have secured their contacts, you are emailed a link to complete this process.

I plan to, instead of escrowing your password, eventually escrow Capability keys
that you can check that simultaneously designate what a reconstructed key may do
with your account.

![A form asks that you enter your password to confirm the escrow
process, and explains escrow](./screenshots/05.0-escrow-card.png)

Contacts can recombine a key overtime, by filling out this form your piece is
decrypted in the ledger, and the last person needed uses all the pieces to
reconstruct the key.

![A form asks that you enter your password to confirm the recombination of your
piece of a key](./screenshots/06.0-combine.png)


